MECH-Interactive
================

Blender used to have a game enigne before version 2.80. Back in version 1.5 when I first saw Blender I was really amazed for all the things it could do. At version 2.23 blender was the internal 3D software used in a comercial 3D house called "NaN". At that moment Blender was free as in free beer and not as in freedom, but at that time was when my love for blender started. Blender is how I met my favorite programming language, python. At that time also, the web page of that company, NaN, had a few downloadable 3D models that demonstrated the power of blender for 3D games; one of those demos was this one "Mech-Interactive". This old file, MECH-interactive.blend, was in my hard drives all this years, kind of forgotten, but always part of the reason why I love blender.

After the shut down of the game engine, when Pablo Vasquez and others in the blender community sugested that it was better for the people who wanted a game engine to look at other projects, like godot, I slowly started to gain interest in godot. Now I considere myself a real godot fan and as some kind of ritual of initiation it ocurred to me that I could translate the 2 most interesting interactive demos of that old blender 2.23 set to godot; that I could do it, both as a way of learning godot and as a way of spiritualy taking in godot as one of the software projects that I like and want to use in my game projects. For this demo I decided to use the now deceased godot's visual script because I wanted to see how it compared to the way the blender demo was made, also with some kind of visual script. I started the work on this demos before the abandonment of visual script was announced, I think it was a good experiment, learn to use it and try to put it to this test. So this little repo is that attempt, hope somebody else find it interesting and useful and finds some joy in this files. 

Peace and love :-P
